hey so what's the guy's photo here again
and I'm making these videos like crazy
because they just have time right now so
anyways I'm gonna be doing a weapon sky
review on the keiki 44 it's a really
strange weapon say the most it's
completely catered to close combat on
don't even bother trying to medium since
or long distance in the case like that
arm is running like it's like a shotgun
it's like an automatic shotgun you're
going to have no chance at middle to
long-range LST are really lucky and
accuracy actually helps you but in most
cases the accuracy will draw off your
aim and the r equal it roll off your aim
as well so it's basically one in a
minute close combat and you're going to
see here in the accuracy test so anyways
um you know I'm moving on straight
through it oh here we go I'm using me
picking on this from the last clip on
your suicide here yeah because I take it
all at once so anyways I'm after I'm
done killing myself on yeah this gun is
based off the ak-47 in real life if you
guys didn't realize out for some very
strange reason so here I'm running over
here um you know just getting accuracy
test and you're going to see how like is
recoil is ridiculously bad and it just
has huge recoil and no a new and the
muzzle flash is no acceptable I mean but
I'm even in the r equal is gonna be a
problem at time to split I'm a look at
that and we're coming from equal there
is that's going to be seriously
hindering your medium range capabilities
like you acted like it wasn't in the
first place so long you can see this
behaves a lot like a shot Johnny it's
just for close-range only and look at
that on the double is just go everywhere
everywhere and that's just like that's
like really close discussing pretty
close and that's pretty bad but I'm even
that this weapon has a place is not
terrible on the anointing use it
correctly it is great in close combat on
it has ridiculous damage on this there's
so much damage in close combat you're
almost never going to be losing a
gunfight and yeah you can just see you
know you can see the bullet hole pull
the holes on the on the barrels because
just because it go just goes everywhere
so then we got right hip firing it and
back doesn't go out very well it just
goes everywhere so anyways omnia and
this does come with a little more animal
than usual one more click
then normal but on butter than that just
press it and I like a real animation and
it's pretty cool i'm not really likes
weapon i'm only if it had better medium
range abilities and hip fire I mean it
would be it would be an amazing weapon
but it's just completely catered to
damage if you're not using this for
close combat so don't use it at all and
here is just under sneak preview of my
next one not like doesn't really even
matters because I'm going to be
uploading I'm gonna be starting the next
one really soon anyways so okay so yeah
I'm redoing this narration up to this
point because if you sort of that
because my previous two videos are
really short but um I think those little
more justify sense they're such popular
weapons but this one's a little bit
different Sonia let's talk about a
little longer they're more idea about it
enough me blabbering on on the Katie 44
on let's go back to the beginning I know
about the classes but I mean we just
look at it on it's basically the same I
mean it's pretty self-explanatory the
two biggest problems or the accuracy and
the grip the power is outstanding but I
mean it's to a point but it just became
almost unusable and a distance on you
can try using an a distance I don't care
how good your aim is it's not a matter
of how good your aim is it's not a
matter of how good you can control R
equals a matter of the accuracy and if
you don't know what accuracy is um let's
see I think the arranged on this is ok
but on the Rangers even really matter
about Andre two things factoring if
you're going to kill someone that
distance there's accuracy which is um
you know which is if you don't know it's
the probability that your bullet will go
in a random direction a little bit or
right or a little bit to the left is
something you cannot control it just
come to the weapon weapons I dmca t1 if
you saw my previous video you saw that
all the bullets are in a tight um ton
and a tight spot around the crate and
that's because they're actress is the
guns I've ever seen accuracy is really
good so that means all of those are
going to be going at the same place
again and again this gun is not the same
they'll go all over the place so that's
a problem and even if you aim it
directly at a person and you get the r
equal one hundred percent correct on the
bullets could go to the right and to the
left and you'll miss any
it is not a matter of your aim and the
range on the range is a completely
different matters how much damage will
be lost at a distance but I mean this
done already starts out with so much
damage it doesn't even really matter
doesn't make that much of a difference
so anyways first class